received the applause applause that
now heard they are turned to share
there are also TVs for him
banners thanks for what you have
made for us for what is certain for
that epic to hire one
more advanced position and then a
also favor red goals
girone d with flattered offer it
cabri himself with the outside looking
Platini admitted to the round of barcelona
on the other hand he had nothing to
to lose
then an avid and authoritative type
perhaps more determined than ready
physically
the player of the rest of the world who
we see that the divine
during not yet active
great many beautiful people
kao has been stopped by junior again
platini and we know how to do it immediately
although the climate naturally like
repeatedly stressed is that
the friendly rhythm is very bland
however there are soft touches that
really suggest ethically
we are seeing the work of the great
samples instead tarantini puts it of
head out platini today you left
Cabrini children for the Argentine one
and then off platini steps well
some of the two are peabody's meanwhile
tree pass them by of history but that
the fake the lob resolution and goal
very nice but movie
to thank here is that we see Latin again
true
Italian instinctive genius and I would do it again but
then here are the dogs they would like
sketch another part if it were
released on the assets he would have pulled into a
other way
I wonder if among the many Turin applauses
it is entrusted to cause
the complete returned the launch
through a repetition and they came out
still through the fim the tv counts for
this drove mad with la
finiana say to reach the beautiful
ma'am now we are a little
discovered backwards creativity launch
from the pop to the drop of the ball remains on
the rest of the world, beautiful tv , tv
conservo latini or the third goal in madrid
of altobelli the d league
the direct
we try the lob
wonderful principle red diversity too
at a time when latin people
recovery still tardelli applause for
for all of us forward platini Platì
fake on corner graziani with
blocks in wright platinum in breath
of price according to time begins in this
moment with the same formation of the
first
in back boniek and platinum thread the
second day
the goals of the rest of the world we see again
the action here is the blogging cross with
all dense with ponies is that which serves
backward very precise platinum the
shot down his falcao heel-shot
exercised the action of our sirens is
on the other hand it seems to me highlighted
also from these early stages of recovery
also configure ours but it is only
I'm more consummate actor then than
very often these scenes the benches
of the official matches made of that
set challenges again for now
of the days heel malaga has
the ball for quality
giulio then the setting for the
rest of the world platini in the case of
quality the platini palette sees anchored
Campese recovers it then says I see in the
opposite side joined platinum but red the
as too unselfish
platini did not touch a 5-phlox balloon
clarified to crawl to platelets
to the arrest of the supply chain but michael
platini that binds naval because
typical everything
pepper
the ridiculous
strong made by the head
from the floor
let's see to all that rigor to which
it would have
you should trust he already has to do
forget that penalty taken out to
madrid best for the champions are there
to the eventual paris or not
kroll the tv
TV
the television said
carambola still succeed platini is
remembered in this however practically
when you play then
you have taken
the rest of the world beaten by brighton r
platini blocking on the left receives
ball to the young completini there is platini
on the right of cecina causes brightman
carter launch
bayliss already beaten corner images of
moody's that tarantini and that's a lot
tender age to serve but is blocked
from
charity and also